on a naval base. Some of the things that are easy to find our your MTs,
your medical treatment facilities, your commissaries, those air like
your grocery stores, gas stations. Um, if you are on a large enough
base, there are sometimes hospitals. Um, some of the things that
aren't so hard to find or that may not be easy to find would be, um
your resource is for maybe going to college. Ah, lot of things have
changed in the recent years as far as going to school, so you would
have to find those things online. Um, another thing that would be hard
to find would be different. Resource is for counseling and things
like that. Um, you would also have to find those online because a lot
of the bases are, um, kind of downsizing. Um, some of those areas
of counseling and things like that in college are moving off base,
so you'd have to do your research on those things